Adjust statewide impact numbers in NY WFTC blog post (#2314)
PolicyEngine/policyengine-app: src/posts/articles/ny-wftc.md

[PolicyEngine estimates](https://policyengine.org/us/policy?focus=policyOutput.policyBreakdown&reform=72622&region=ny&timePeriod=2025&baseline=2) that the NY WFTC would in 2025:

- Cost $660 million

- Lower poverty by 1.6% and child poverty by 4.0%

> - Increase net income for 30.7% of New Yorkers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increase net income for 31% of New Yorkers
```
